README.md, before:

WebGL Extensioneer
==================

The purpose of this library is to make it easier to work with WebGL extensions. It has two features:

* Get extensions without having to specify a vendor prefix
* Optionally specify an extension requirement 

Usage
-----

Include the library in your page

```html
<script src="webgl-extensioneer.js"></script>
```

Use extensions as before


```javascript
    var fptex = gl.getExtension('OES_texture_float'); //will be present
    var anisotropic = gl.getExtension('EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic'); //will likely be null
```

Also get draft extensions

```javascript
    var anisotropic = gl.getExtension('EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic', {draft:true});
```

API
---

* getExtension(name, [specification])
* specification: object

Specification defaults to

* draft: false
* approved: true
* ratified: true

The test performed is to only return extensions if they match the specification (i.e. setting approved to false will not return approved extensions)

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2012, Florian Boesch <pyalot@gmail.com> http://codeflow.org/

WebGL Extensioneer is licensed under any of the following licenses at your choosing:

MIT: see mit-license
GPL: see gpl-license
BSD: see bsd-license

Commit message:

added update notice to the readme

README.md, after:

WebGL Extensioneer
==================

The purpose of this library is to make it easier to work with WebGL extensions. It has two features:

* Get extensions without having to specify a vendor prefix
* Optionally specify an extension requirement 

Usage
-----

Include the library in your page. Note that you should frequently update the library if you want to keep on top of the changing extension registry.

```html
<script src="webgl-extensioneer.js"></script>
```

Use extensions as before


```javascript
    var fptex = gl.getExtension('OES_texture_float'); //will be present
    var anisotropic = gl.getExtension('EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic'); //will likely be null
```

Also get draft extensions

```javascript
    var anisotropic = gl.getExtension('EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic', {draft:true});
```

API
---

* getExtension(name, [specification])
* specification: object

Specification defaults to

* draft: false
* approved: true
* ratified: true

The test performed is to only return extensions if they match the specification (i.e. setting approved to false will not return approved extensions)

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2012, Florian Boesch <pyalot@gmail.com> http://codeflow.org/

WebGL Extensioneer is licensed under any of the following licenses at your choosing:

MIT: see mit-license
GPL: see gpl-license
BSD: see bsd-license
